# Adding New Module Classes
1. Use the [module documentation](../Modules.md) to select an appropriate place to put the new class. Prefer simple, descriptive class names, using module and submodule namespaces to distinguish different classes with similar uses. Include the class name and full namespace within the header file name. For example, if class "Example" is in module "Guide", submodule "Docs", name it Guide_Docs_Example.h.
2. Follow the [code documentation guide](../style/Documentation.md) when writing header files.
3. A source file with empty function definitions can be automatically generated with appropriate formatting using the [CppGen.pl script](../../project-scripts/CppGen.pl). From the project's root directory, if your header file is at `Source/Guide/Docs/Example`, run `./project-scripts/CppGen.pl Source/Guide/Docs/Example/Guide_Docs_Example.h Source/Guide/Docs/Example/Guide_Docs_Example.cpp`. You'll need to have Perl 5 and the File::Slurp perl module installed to use this script.
4. Add the new source file to the module's makefile. In our example, the makefile would be at `makefiles/Guide.mk` within the project's root directory. Add a new object file target to the build rule for the lowest submodule level containing the class, and add a new rule to build the object file from your class source file.  In our example, you would add `$(GUIDE_DOC_OBJ)Example.o` as a new target for `OBJECTS_GUIDE_DOCS`, and add the rule `$(GUIDE_DOC_OBJ)Example.o: $(GUIDE_DOC_DIR)/$(GUIDE_DOC_PREFIX)Example.cpp`.
5. Within the module's markdown documentation file in `[ProjectDir]/docs/modules`, add section linking to your class header file, along with a brief description of the class.
